Feat: Extra field wrapper attributes (#12782)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/forms/docs/03-fields/01-getting-started.md

    ->extraInputAttributes(['width' => 200])
```

> Passing extra HTML attributes to the field wrapper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass extra HTML attributes to the field wrapper which surrounds the label, entry, and any other text:
```
